[3216][ADD] website_product_visibility_control_timer (#239)
qrtl/mi7-custom: website_product_visibility_control_timer/readme/DESCRIPTION.rst

> This module does the following:
> 
> - Control the visibility of products in website depend on their publish date and unpublish date.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This module adds expected publish/unpublish date fields to the product, and a scheduled action to publish/unpublish products according to the product settings.

This function can be useful if you run an eCommerce platform where a set of products need to be sold for a scheduled timeframe.
```
